welcome to the man of recaps it's Luke
Cage season 1 Luke Cage starts at pops
barbershop it's a grand old place pops a
nice old man and looks there so we've
been a broom see his old dead wife Reba
somehow is related to pop so their fam
Luke's got to pay rent so he's got a
second job over at Harlem's paradise
that's the hottest club and now it's
owned by Cornell Stokes
he's called cotton Milton he's a big
crime boss of Harlem his cousin Mariah's
not in on the crime game she's legit
she's a City Councilwoman looks just a
dishwasher but a bartender's out sick so
I asked him to fill in he used to own a
bar of course so he's really good at
this he meets his hottie who's she's
looking up at cotton up though
cottonmouths doing a deal with the
Puerto Ricans it's happening tonight he
selling them a bunch of hammer tech guns
from iron man to exchange for some cash
gonna be a nice easy deal but of course
some guys come to stick it up it turns
into a bloodbath but the sticker uppers
win one of them doesn't have the stomach
for it he's like we weren't supposed to
shoot anyone so one of his partner
shoots him and they get out of there
with the money so Luke in the sexy lady
go home and have sexy times turns out
though she's detective misty Knight
she's up on the scene she's like I know
this kid he's a good kid used to hang
around the barbershop kind of mouse mad
he lost the money and the guns and then
this Andy Sandberg looking guy shows up
he always wears sunglasses they call him
shades he works her Diamondback who's
one step above cottonmouth and he's like
look I'm here to make sure things run
smooth you dig they find one of the
other kids that took the money and
cottonmouth beats him to death Misty's
like oh that's another barbershop kid
cottonmouth goes to the barbershop see
he and pop actually go way back they
used to roll together as kids but pop
left the gangster like behind years ago
anyway they're like though you've seen
their third friend like he's probably
the one with the rest of our money and
they're like nah but soon the kid shows
up and pops like hey you got to go to
cottonmouth workout in exchange we'll
give him the money back for the kid's
life cottonmouths like all right yeah
that sounds good pops cool but one of
his guys get the text about where the
kid is this guy takes it upon himself to
go there and shoot it all up oh man
Pop's is supposed to be neutral supposed
to be Switzerland you know so they grab
the money anyway Luke saves this kid
though and he's okay because he's
bulletproof the guy gets back he's like
yo Cottonelle that took care of it for
you house I was like what son you broke
the rules of the street I got to throw
you off this roof this guy they call
Bobby Fischer because he likes to play
chess he's like yo pastas broke we need
some money
Mariah's got this community center she's
trying to build but at the moment it's
just like a safe for all the illegal
drug money
so hoop busts in there and he knocks out
all these guys he goes full-on Darth
Vader from road one and he takes one bag
of money and he leaves the rest though
for the cops to impound
so Luke's feeding some well-earned Qian
when cottonmouth shows up with a rocket
launcher and blasts him
boom explodes the whole building this
guy's crazy Luke survives of course and
we get a flashback to when he was in
prison and had an awesome haircut he was
in Georgia at a prison called CK and the
prison therapist was his ex dead wife
Reba
so this is where they met and fell in
love now Luke's a real strong guy and
the wardens running an underground
prison fighting ring so he makes Luke
fight in that and eventually Luke gets
really good and starts to like it but
then he's like yo there I'm in this
underground fighting ring you got to
stop it and then shades was actually
imprisoned with him working for the
warden so they beat him all up within an
inch of his life and AXI gate they were
doing crazy experiments on these
prisoners to try to heal them and so
they're going to do that on Luke but the
warning comes he's like nah this guy
dies turn it up to full power so he does
but then explosion and it actually works
Luke is fully healed and now he's
invincible and super strong so we
punched his way out of prison so Luke
Cage punches his way out of the rubble
and everyone's like yo are you an
invincible superhero he's like yeah I am
my name is Luke Cage that goes to
cottonmouth he's like they'll stop what
you're doing here it's over and it's
like no it's not over so they're
fighting it and then when shade sees him
in action he's like oh I remember you
that was Carl Lucas from the prison and
he's like look I've got a bullet that
they called the Judas that will explode
people cause it's made out of like alien
metal problem is it's ridiculously
expensive and you're broke right now all
the guns from the deal are still in
police storage so he has his dirty cuffs
scarf get him out but scarf shakes him
down he's like I want more money for
this he's like now I'm sick of his so he
shoots him right up leaves him to bleed
out but he goes any crawls to the
barbershop to finally cage now it's the
superhero nurse Claire temple she
recognized Luke aid to the diner she's
like what up you in Harlem and I luckily
she's there with him so she can help
save scars life because he's going to
testify long story short they get scarf
to misty unfortunately he dies but they
do have his notebook with all the
evidence in he wrote down and that's
enough to get cottonmouth arrested oh
yeah but with scarfs dead the evidence
is pretty flimsy so he's out immediately
he has an argument with his cousin
Mariah which goes back to when they were
raised by momma Mable back in the day
anyway she pushes heading up the window
and decides to kill him and shades was
there to see this he's like what a
Mariah I'm going to teach you how to be
the new crime boss of Harlem they paid
this waitress off to say that it was
Luke Cage who did it but meanwhile
there's a new player in town who smokes
Luke Cage and the bullet actually goes
into a hole it's one of those Judas
bullets that's right this is Diamondback
she catches him later on the street it
turns out these two know each other from
back in the day
it's like yo man why are you doing this
we were like brothers Niko's full Darth
Vader he's like Luke I am befo brother
what poom shoots him lands in the
garbage truck to Darth Vader references
in 1 Luke Cage what are the chances
Mariah had to sit down with the other
crime bosses but Diamondback comes to
crash it he's like screw you screw you
guys not you you're cool and what about
You Mariah should I keep you alive and
she's like I yes please I could be your
legitimate political connection he's
like cool I rule in Harlem now what up
Luke Cage has a garbage truck for a
while but he's okay he's a hard guy to
kill some cops trying to take him in
he's like sorry about this guy's boom
gotta throw him bang Luke makes it back
to Claire he's like I've been shot again
she's like alright let's go down to
Atlanta to find the doctor that did the
experiment on you we'll give him the
dead in exchange for helping and he's
like you know what I got an idea you're
not going to like it basically you have
to boil Luke in acid to loosen his skin
enough so he could do the surgery
luckily it works doctors all excited
about doing more experiments but they
don't want to let him do that looks like
you know it's true of your computer
through your barn he does manage to
salvage one of the hard drives though so
you know he'll be back Luke and Claire
make a pit stop at his home town where
he realizes his past her father was
having an affair with the secretary and
that's why Diamondback is his actual
brother meanwhile Diamondbacks managed
to mass-produce to Judas bullets he
wants Mirada sell it to the police force
legally - so what he does he gets a
power glove and goes out and starts
beating up cops as if he's Luke Cage
Mariah holds the anti Luke Cage rally
where she's talking about the need for
these bullets when misty finds
diamondback and he shoots her all
luckily Luke Cage is back in town he
shows up right there to save her jumps
up about me worth it the SWAT team is
fully equipped with Judas bullets now
and they swarm in diamondback gets out
of there and they think Luke's the bad
guy so they take him into custody
Misty's trying to tell him looks the
good guy but they're like we got to take
him in anyway so it looks like Rick at
this I'm busting out of here I got to go
chase down Diamondback shades is
arrested but Diamondback bails him out
immediately but then tries to kill him
because he's been questioning him too
much but she's too cool to die like this
he takes these guys out boom finds a new
pair of shades shades the man shane's
meet up with Mariah he's like look we're
going to use loop to take down
Diamondback I've got all these files
that proved Diamondback framed Luke back
in the day so he'll help us in exchange
for those two go to the barbershop to
set up the deal but Misty's there - the
waitress they bribe came clean with
everything so she's trying to arrest
Mariah but then a grenade shows up Bulls
exploded and it's documen back shows up
wearing
and down the ugliest outfit in the
Marvel Cinematic Universe it does make
him bulletproof though and super strong
so he and Luke have their final showdown
spills out onto the street all of
Harlan's watching he's like can I beat
up Luke but then the whole crowds like
Luke yeah we're on your side so it looks
like boom home big punch knocked him out
cold he's alive he's got day you know
he's out of commission for a while
though
Missy tells everyone Luke's a good guy
now they arrest Mariah for killing her
cousin they've got the evidence on the
recording but the actual girl she gets a
text to come out and meet her
now it's shades he shoots and yeah she
stole Misty's phone during the explosion
ah so Mariah they got nothing she gets
to walk free Luke's not under arrest in
New York but the guys from Georgia come
they're like hey since you've been all
over the news you're very clearly Carl
Lucas who escaped a couple years ago
you're coming with us so he's going back
to jail but first he gets the smoochy
with Claire yeah and we're I in shades
are working together and then they get
to smooch yeah so sad about going back
to prison luckily the file still exists
in Bobby Fischer has it so if he'll
probably be out soon and the doctor that
did Luke he's the one who's working on
Diamondback hoho and that's how Luke
Cage season 1 comes to an end
[Music]